>> Steve: Let's actually go
ahead over here and take a look.
Because I just started it up.
>> Steve: Sure.
>> Steve: Module not found, reducers.
Let's see what we got here.
Where would I call the file?
>> Steve: I made that folder, I need
to pull it into the source directory.
>> Steve: That's gonna be true of
the folders that I tried to set up for us.
So I'll pull containers in as well.
>> Steve: And actions,
just pulled up the wrong directory.
>> Steve: So we gotta raise the QI now.
Now, we haven't really done anything here,
but
we can see everything's
kind of like put together.
What I wanna show you real quick is,
there are Redux DevTools
which are pretty wonderful.
If you have a Chrome extension
installed or a Firefox, and
once you have that place, you do need to
tell the Redux DevTools that they exist.
So what we'll do is we
will go into our index.js.
>> Steve: And [BLANK-AUDIO] we can
pass it as we create the story,
we can basically hook it
up into those DevTools.
Now, it's got a intentionally
terrible name.
>> Steve: REDUX_DEVTOOLS_EXENSION.
>> Steve: So
we'll check to see if it's on a window.
You could also do if
environment is development and
do this as well if you wanna make
sure that no one can see it.
>> Steve: So we'll see if this is
available on the window object.
And if so, we'll go ahead,
and we'll call it.
>> Steve: And
what this does is allows us to go in,
>> Steve: These Redux tools.
And you can see, effectively
every action that comes through,
we were cancel logging this
in the very beginning.
We can see every action
that comes through,
the current state of our application,
so you can see those lists there.
Differences between after
an action has happened.
And you can see that there's
a rewind button, where you can like,
kind of as things happen in your
application, go through and see.
So as if really great about seeing the
kind of state of our state, if you will.